A bank seeks to determine the average quality of its customer service, and wants to find the magnitude of the efficiency improvements necessary to satisfy its customer service standards.  We analyzed the bank's service queue and found that a 16% improvement in efficiency was necessary.
We are given the distributions of the differences between consecutive customer arrivals and of the time required to serve a customer.  As the data in these distributions are discrete, and therefore it is impossible for the arrival and service time distributions to satisfy the constraints provided in the problem, we chose to fit continuous distributions to them for increased precision.
The bimodality of both given distributions was very important in our analysis.  We assumed that the bimodality of the arrival time distribution, in particular, was due to traffic waves near the bank, which can be caused either by congestion or a traffic light.  As a customer may arrive in the next traffic wave or the same traffic wave as the previous customer, two modes appear, one indicating a very small distance between one customer and the next, and the other indicating a larger distance.  These traffic waves were modeled as the rate component of a non-homogenous Poisson process that determines the absolute customer arrival times.  The parameters of the Poisson process were fitted by minimizing the Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence of the resulting distribution from the dataset provided.  The bimodality of the teller's service could be explained by the teller having multiple jobs.  Since it is reasonable to assume that each job has a log-normal distribution of job length, we represented the service time as a Gaussian mixture, which was fitted to our data using an expectation-maximization (EM) algorithm.  We confirmed that the resulting distributions fit well with the data we were provided with.
We then began to describe the behavior of the bank queue.  Given our distributions, we determined that the mean business day takes 385.9 minutes.  We then simulated 500,000 385.9-minute-long business days, iterating the non-homogenous Poisson process and the Gaussian mixture for each new customer until we ran out of time in the business day.  The resulting mean service time was 6.566, whereas the mean queue length was 2.523.  If the bank wished to improve its mean service time to at most 2 minutes and mean queue length to at most 2 customers, the only course of action available to the bank would be to improve its service efficiency.  Thus, we postulated that the bank would be able to improve its service times by a constant percentage.  Performing a binary search on this percentage and evaluating mean service time and mean queue length at every iteration, we arrived at the recommendation that the bank would have to improve all of its service times by 16% to meet its customer service targets.  
